INTRODUCTION/RULES

The rules are simple, in each room there will be multiple options for you to interact with the environment,
There will also be the option to move into a different room either north, south east and west,
You will have to navigate these rooms and explore the options that you feel best fits for your current situation,
Be carefull however, as some options will have different outcomes to certain situations which will affect your story,
Try to explore as many options as you can to undercover the story of slothscape!

spawn/first room


You mannage to lift it open and drop in, just mannageing to close it off before the poachers catch up.
you slide down the ladder into a brigthly lit room
Your eyes slowly adjusts to the bright ceiling lights dangling in front of your eyes.
You notice that there is only one exit, througth a small sewer grate.

second room, south

Once you squeeze your way througth the grate you stick your head out the other side.
Its hard to make out whats in the room but you hear a soft snooring, it almost sounds like purring.
Once your eyes start to adjust to the light your heart sinks as you notice a leopard sleeping on a pile of rubbish.
Something else catches your eye as your looking around, a key hanging off of a pipe right below to leopard.
The room opens up with two exits, one behind the leopard and another one that goes deeper into the sewer.


third room, south

You walk into the room, catious because you were scared of another beast waiting in your path,
You peak into the room and see a floating apparition which you can make out as something simalar.
As you study it more you realise that it is a sloth, but not a living one... a ghost.
It turns around and looks at you with its deathly eyes.
It opens its mouth and with a deep voice says
"In order to continue on your journey, you must first compleate a riddle"
Dazed and confused you comply with the ghost as you realise there is no other way,
Unless you want to deal with the leopard.

It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,
Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It lies behind stars and under hills,
And empty holes it fills.
It comes out first and follows after,
Ends life, kills laughter.
What am I...

room 4; east

You entre through the locked door into a room that does not seem like the sewers.
As you look around more you see old computer equiptment and serveliance.
It looks like a control room for the sewers.
It looks abandend however, like the workers dropped everthing and left, including their lunch.
A water bottle and banna have been left on the table, the only thing that hasnt yet been coverd in spider webs.
There is also a metal door that has been left open, almost like someone left in a hurry...
A dent in the door is also present



1. Drink the water
2. Eat the Banana
3. Go back west
4. Continue North

Option 1: You open the water and take a logn chug from it, your parched after the run from the poachers
Option 2: You bite into the banana, trying to aviod the mold spreading inside, after running from the poachers its the best thing you have to keep your energy
Option 3: You go back througth the way you came
Option 4: You decide to continue througth the metal door that is still opened

room 5; north

You creep througth the door and notice something in the corner,
It almost sounds like its feasting on something.
The smell in the room is putrid, like something died a long time ago.
A squeaking noice is coming from the thing in the corner, like something hasnt been oiled.
As you creep forward to get a closer look you step on an old bone,
C R A C K
You stubmle back as you see the figure turn around and move towards the light coming from the control room
The squeaking getting louder and louder as it gets closer.
As the figure moves into the light you see what has been feasting...
A Large, Black, wild dog... but without any legs,
Instead it sits upon two sets of wheels.
You dont have time to process this as its coming rigth towards you!
What do you do?

1: If they have banana peel; use
2: If they have knife; use
3: Dodge and run north
4: Doge and run south

Option 1: you remember the banana peel that you have in your inventory,
Using your quick wits your throw the banana onto the floor as the dog rolls towards you
The banana peel strikes the front left wheel of the dog and throws it off ballance
The dog flies past you at lightning speed as you watch it crash througth the door to your west

Option 2: you remember the rusty knife that you have in your inventory,
Using your quick wits you throw the knife infront of one of the wheels.
The knife strikes the front left wheel of the dog and throws it off ballance
The dog flies past you at lightning speed as you watch it crash througth the door to your west

Option 3: you decide to make a run for the door ahead of you,
Its risky but the dog just barely mannages to miss you as you dive out of the way.
You get up and run for the door before the dog can turn around.
Its locked
(code for it they have a key or not)
If key: you remember the key that you have in your inventory
You quicky get it out and open the door, and jump through it just in time.
The dog is too large to fit, but it charging at you scares you enough to fall bacwards down a sewer drain
As you hit the ground you are propelled downhill along a slimy sewer

If no Key: you rember that there was a key by the leopard, thats where it would go.
But now you are stuck, and with no way out you are left with the dog.
You turn around and see that it is charging you, there nothing that you can do now...
(dead)

Option 4: you run into the control room.
You slam the metal door behind you and push a fililing cabinate down to block the door
After you catch your breath you decide to look around for anytrhing that could be of use
(back to room 4 options)

Room 5; exit

As you are sliding down the sewer you start to see the ligth at the end getting brigther and brigther,
Your eyes are so used to the dimly lit sewers that it blinds you until you have to close your eyes and hope for the best.
T H U D
You hit the bottom of the slimy slide and catipult forwards until you hit something hard.
Instantly the smell of the sewers has gone, and is instead replaced by a familiar smell...
The smell of home...
You look up to see a large tree, sourounded by large green pastures as far as the eye can see.
A sense of clamness and relief flows through your body as you reasise, you've done it...
You are now free...
(the end)



